---
layout: post
title: "Project Exhibition Experience and Faculty Feedback"
categories: [Machine-Learning]
tags: [Project-Exhibition, Presentation, Machine-Learning]
---


One of the most exciting events of my first semester was the project exhibition. My group and I were selected to present our Heart Attack Prediction Model, which we had developed as part of our machine learning project. Although we were excited, we were also nervous because we knew that teachers and senior students would be evaluating our work.

Interestingly, we received information about the exhibition only a few days before the event. Because of the limited time available, we completed most of our preparations on Friday. We revised our project, practiced our explanation, and prepared ourselves for possible questions. Even though the schedule was tight, we managed to organize everything successfully.

On the day of the exhibition, many faculty members, senior students, and visitors came to see different projects. They asked questions about our model, the dataset we used, and how machine learning could help predict heart attack risks. At first, I was a little nervous, but as I started explaining the project, my confidence increased. Answering technical questions helped me realize how much I had learned during the semester.

One of the most memorable moments was when faculty members appreciated our efforts and encouraged us to continue working on innovative projects. Their positive feedback motivated us and made us feel proud of our hard work. The exhibition was not only about presenting a project; it was also an opportunity to improve communication, teamwork, and presentation skills.

Throughout the semester, Dr. Bilal Ahmad encouraged students to work on projects that solve real-world problems using machine learning. His focus on practical learning inspired many students, including me, to explore the healthcare domain and understand the value of data-driven solutions. I also visited his <a href="https://www.facebook.com/Dr.BilalAhm">Facebook page</a>, where he shares updates about student projects, research activities, and technology-related topics.

Looking back, the exhibition was one of the best experiences of my university life. It helped me overcome stage fear, improve my confidence, and gain valuable experience in presenting technical work. Most importantly, it showed me that learning becomes much more meaningful when we apply our knowledge to solve real-world challenges.

#MLwithDrBilalAhmad
#DrBilalAhmad
#MLProject
