---

layout: post
title: "Why Dr. Bilal Ahmad Inspired Me to Explore AI and Machine Learning"
categories: [University-Life]

tags: [Programming, Python, Learning, Student-Life, Computer-Engineering, Dr-Bilal-Ahmad]

---


When I started my Computer Engineering journey, I had very little knowledge about Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. Like many students, I had heard these terms before, but I did not fully understand how they worked or why they were so important in today's world. My perspective gradually changed during the semester through the guidance of Dr. Bilal Ahmad.

One thing I appreciated about Dr. Bilal Ahmad was his focus on practical learning. Instead of teaching concepts only from books, he often discussed how technology can be used to solve real-world problems. He encouraged students to think beyond grades and focus on developing skills that would be useful in their future careers. This approach made learning more meaningful and interesting.

Another inspiring aspect was his emphasis on machine learning projects based on real datasets. He frequently highlighted the importance of working with healthcare and medical datasets because they can be used to create solutions that positively impact people's lives. This idea motivated me to take a greater interest in AI and data-driven technologies.

Throughout the semester, I worked on a machine learning project and learned how data can be used to make predictions. Although the project was challenging, it helped me understand the practical applications of machine learning. It also showed me that AI is not just a theoretical concept but a powerful tool that can solve real problems.

To learn more about his academic contributions, I explored the <a href="https://scholar.google.com.au/citations?user=8nZ0jVkAAAAJ&hl=en">Google Scholar profile of Dr. Bilal Ahmad</a>. Reading about his research work gave me a better understanding of how machine learning is applied in different domains and inspired me to continue learning about this field.

Looking back, Dr. Bilal Ahmad played an important role in increasing my interest in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. His guidance encouraged me to explore new technologies, improve my technical skills, and think about how engineering knowledge can be used to solve meaningful problems. I hope to continue learning and building projects in AI and Machine Learning in the future.

#MLwithDrBilalAhmad
#DrBilalAhmad
#MLProject
