---

layout: post
title: "How Strict Lab Policies Improved My Coding Skills"
categories: [University-Life]

tags: [Programming, Python, Learning, Student-Life, Computer-Engineering, Dr-Bilal-Ahmad]

---
# How Strict Lab Policies Improved My Coding Skills

During one of our Programming Fundamentals lab sessions, we experienced a very different learning environment. Before starting the lab, our instructor announced strict rules for all students. We were not allowed to use mobile phones, laptops, or any online tools during the session. Everyone had to rely completely on their own knowledge and problem-solving abilities.

At first, many students, including me, felt uncomfortable with these restrictions. We had become used to quickly searching for solutions whenever we faced a problem. Without access to external help, completing programming tasks seemed much more challenging. However, as the lab continued, I began to understand the purpose behind these rules.

The instructor wanted us to think independently and develop real coding skills instead of depending on AI tools or internet searches. We had to analyze problems carefully, identify mistakes in our code, and find solutions ourselves. Although this process was slower, it improved my understanding of programming concepts significantly.

One important lesson I learned was that using AI tools effectively requires strong fundamentals. If a student does not understand the basics of programming, it becomes difficult to identify whether generated code is correct or contains errors. This realization motivated me to focus more on learning core concepts rather than looking for quick answers.

Dr. Bilal Ahmad often emphasizes the importance of building strong foundations before moving toward advanced topics such as Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. His teaching approach encouraged students to become independent learners and improve their analytical thinking skills. To learn more about his professional work, I explored his <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/drbilalphd/">LinkedIn profile</a>, where he shares valuable insights related to technology, research, and education.

Looking back, those strict lab sessions were extremely beneficial. They improved my confidence, strengthened my coding abilities, and taught me how to solve problems independently. Although the rules seemed difficult at first, they ultimately helped me become a better learner and a more capable programmer.

#MLwithDrBilalAhmad
#DrBilalAhmad
#MLProject
